[Music]
Last song of the night and here you have
to explain the context a little bit, okay.
But there's a really serious mega fight between
Isapi and Raquel Boyo. As they say, I
think 20 years of television are enough for
many. When you started, I was on it for 10
years. It turns out that now that you're the one
mentioning me at your
cousin Nabel's luncheon and you're the one who, despite having
a person who has done so much harm to you,
nevertheless, you ignore her and
address me. I think that both you and the
collaborators, being the good collaborators
that you are and of course journalists, which
I am not, you know that when
a video is posted it's to answer it, above all, out of
respect for those who work
up there. No, and they've worked hard on the video. I
have no interest whatsoever, I mean,
she's really nothing in my life and
I don't care either. Look, you see the
tone I have. I can also play the
victim. What a shame, what pain, if
your husband hurt you. Imagine how much
children hurt. Okay, having said that, survivor, I
'll say it again and we have nothing to
overcome. Because Manuel went out for a
illness and as I told you it has
become rich in friends, which you Well, I do
n't think so if you continue every afternoon or
rather every morning saying something about me, I'm
going to answer but I'm going to remember you
very well because I got out, I got out for something
very delicate But you know what the
difference is that when I told it it was
real with three sentences yours was
unreal you got me into trouble you got
Marisa bl into it who's not here today
but she knows that I'm completely right I
had to apologize because you accused
a person of abuse without having been an
abuser so if anyone is lying in
this life it's you and I do know you and
the people who are saying what we
suffered I suffered too I also
suffered a lot because I'm repeating it to you
if your husband hurts you
my children hurt me brutal now we put now we
put another now we put another
click This is jumping automatically I do
n't know why okay Sorry invite her invite her invite her
since
the plan is left there Ah no okay No no I'm
going  It's just that I'm feeling a little
crazy today I don't know why but anyway tell me eh
Look I was just going to say the same thing as the
Indian Raquel Boyo It's that I get hooked
on television I mean you might like it
more or less But I'll never forget that
moment on Tele5 I curse Tele5
and Rocío Carrasco and I mean it has
moments of television hooking for me it's
something that hooks me it hooks me on
television for me it's very good to
see this conflict It's that look and I
think we have to go back to
Survivors 2023 eh When
when there was Manuel Cortés
Alma Boyo and is They didn't have a great let's
see in the end they are family it's not like they
had an excellent relationship between
them
precisely I mean when later
Isap Isapi and Raquel Boyo have had
confrontations Why Because Raquel
Boyo put into doubt when the
story was told that Kiko Rivera do you remember
when this episode of the
hose was told that he had undressed, quote
unquote, half undressed Isa Pantoja
eh and he had  I've filled her with cold water
with a hose as a punishment when she
was little and such. Well, it
turns out that Raquel Boy came out a little
like to question certain
bad behaviors that her
brother and Isabel Pantoja had towards Isapi,
like defending Isabel Pantoja's position a little.
So Isapi, well, she
seemed quite hurt with Raquel
Boyo. Well, because of course Raquel was
aware of certain things, like she
felt betrayed. So since
then there's been a kind of exchange of
accusations between one another and yes, it
's true that now Isa Pibe, like
Raquel Boyo wants to stay on
television and it's a little at the expense of, of
her, no, and that she has to put in. Well, a
little bit of conflict with her and giving
her what Raquel Boyo says. It's Yes, yes,
whatever you want, but my children
speak well of me, not like you do of your mother,
no, like it's hitting a little where it
hurts the most and like Raquel Boyo reigns a
little. Isa Pantoja says that, uh, that she has
to speak like she does of her mother, no, to
be there, that she has to speak badly of
them.  that there is like a tension there
but I'm going to summarize it for you, for me it's
all quite false, I'm telling you
totally the truth, I mean, it's like a
conflict. Yes, yes, I know
this. Also, I think that behind this so that
people know it is a little bit Sonia, who
is Isa's representative, in
fact Alexia, who I have a lot of
affection for and defends Isa p who is the
same one, it's Sonia, the representative who is the same one, the
same as Isa and it's a little bit,
well, we have to generate some plots
because things are a little bit not dead, no,
but well, it's not like there is a great
variety of topics and we have to pull a
little bit of, we have to stir up the hornet's nest a little bit,
as you would say here on YouTube
and I think it's a bit of a
hard forced delivery plot, I mean, it's Isa p
invented that the other one, I mean, that
audio is a tremendous catch, let's see and
Manuel Cortés, I remember survivors,
that with Asraf, Isa's husband, he had
several confrontations and it was bad vibes,
I think that, let's see, Kiko Rivera was also behind it
a little bit, who has a good
relationship with Manuel Cortés and it was a little bit
there with the guidelines well
learned then Isa brought out her
RF defender side and of course there between Raquel
Boyo and Isa the eh the eh began
Like an exchange of accusations that It
came in very handy to continue making it profitable
on sets and today then that
plot returns that is generating interest the
truth is that I did not expect it and and and
anyway and of course then Raquel Boyo has brought
out her vein with the issue of Chiquetete
and all this that yes it is true that
that was a bloody drama as to
not remember it because it was televised But
well it was real and and she had a very bad time
and today it seems that
this matter resurfaces a bit and it has
left me quite quite frozen because I did
not imagine that in the afternoon they were going
to cover it so for the truth I
tell you I mean seeing Raquel Boyo with that
speicher there are four clips like the one you
have posted that I have seen all
four it has reminded me a bit of the
old one to save me you have not
remembered a little as if it were being
covered in sálvame Yes yes yes but nothing has
been a little come on Come on they speak badly and
another person says today He says he doesn't speak
No daughter in Stay Well I say that they don't
speak badly having reasons to have
spoken badly of their father what I say is that
my children don't speak If they are news
when they have to be those giggles
that you had this morning of
discrediting two children Really How
sad how pitiful for some and
not for others how pitiful my children were born
okay in the bosom of a family already with a
surname okay for my misfortune I say it
also for my misfortune and they have been able to
live off television like you Isa Pantoja
all their lives okay like you they haven't
done it when they have gone to speak they have not
spoken badly that is what I have said that
my children are not news My children
are not news because my son is dedicated to
singing he has entered reality he has left and
has returned to his life My daughter is with her
social networks Of course they would be news
look when she got pregnant they have
been news without her wanting it when mine has
been news without him wanting it but I
assure you  that if my son spoke tomorrow he would come to
speak ill of me, ill of his
grandmother, ill of his uncle You think that
wouldn't be news it's silly Yes what happens is that they do
n't do it they have some very
nice values ​​values ​​that you have been given eh
but you have not taken let's see values ​​that
you have been given remember that But you have not
taken it because
many things can be said about Isabel and she may have made
many mistakes inclusive of you
as a mother she may have made mistakes but she
has never spoken ill of anyone her mother
or her brother on the contrary she has
supported them all including you
including I think that few people have
achieved my position leave me
speechless based based but a little
low I mean based based on
television based that's why I have
told you that it is brutal on television it is
brutal but vaccine by vaccine because I
think that Isa is a girl who has had
many deficiencies that Raquel knows
deficiencies on an emotional level, on an
affective level, on an economic level it is clear
that she has not shown it, she has
verbalized it during all this time that she has
had a complicated life then that
this lady is also very  cynical and
that I really like Raquel I have a
certain esteem for her and we have worked together
for months and very well but eh to
sincerely speak of that her children that
one who is dedicated to singing you do not forgive
been in two reality shows your son is a piece of
furniture in a reality show is not worth for
television has a certain art and I do not
dislike singing and the other the
social networks do not forgive is the daughter of Raquel
boyo when you have had a grandson the
granddaughters have been in the news because they are
the granddaughters of Raquel boyo not the daughters
of Alma boyo This is like this then if
apart from the children have never spoken
What is it that the son does sound to me to have
seen him speak no the son of whom
the son of Raquel no no has not felt so
save me and has spoken clearly 300 times
300 but he speaks little he speaks little he is not
very he does not have much blood in his veins, I mean it
comes out it does not come out I do not know who he comes out the
truth no he does not know very well who he comes out to
see maybe I am mistaken but
for me yes they have spoken no but not badly
the mother has not spoken ill of the father of the
father Yes man, it is that a
certain respect eh they have a certain
respect they have a certain respect of course but I
mean it refers to not speaking eh ill of
family problems no that is the good thing about the
daughter Let's see Honestly the daughter has a
certain character that I do not like I am not
saying that she is like an older brother but she
has a little air and she has I have
seen some attitudes that do not
fit with me I mean do not talk too much about
isapi because to me she seems much more
educated and correct isap despite the fact that she has
made mistakes as
Raquel has said of making things up but isapi has a
little bit of that no that she speaks very well
very such not so that it seems to you that she is
very good but then she puts you every every
Track you no yes yes it is true that she
made something up she acknowledged it she
asked for forgiveness that it was horrible it was
horrible and that is why men sometimes pay
unfairly which is horrifying that that to
me I said my God you have completely fallen for me
making up that Alejandro Albala
man how how can you do something like that no
horrible horrible and in fact I do not know
m a m that the fact that  continue with
Estela Estela, the thing about the thing about the thing about
Alb, it was fabric eh, I mean, she wanted to
falsely report him, chuh, it's that if you do
that when you get angry with people and it is
proven, I was going to justify it because of
age but no, no, no, it's not that you can't
justify such an atrocity in any way
because that's why
many innocent kids pay and that's how it
goes with us later, no, you can't justify that and
look, the girl later showed
remorse and everything but no, no, no, no, no, that's why I
boo her eh h, I mean, that one Lu does certain
things wrong doesn't mean that the other
becomes a being of light but the
truth is that, as you say, based on, it
gives her a verbal review, I mean, I think
a face to face, it's that the voyo
eats it up, she's very good, she's very good, I go,
on television she's very good. But
why is she, why is she, I mean, they
fought over the issue of how
Isa behaved with her children, no, while they
were on the reality show. But why have they
ended up so  bad what's going on
now isapi is giving her a hard time again
or is she saying something bad about Raquel boyo
no I mean let's see well not like she
accuses her No if it's that
the plot has been rekindled again because well that's because
she has felt uncomfortable that
Raquel boyo doubts everything that
isapi has said About everything that she
suffered in her childhood etcc because Isa
was on Friday then Raquel
boyo well becomes critical of her So
one responds in the afternoon the other
responds in the morning and what
Raquel boyo has said Is that while Isa continues
talking about her well she will respond in the
afternoon she is going to eat the
videos that she is going to respond then
the other responds in the morning and the other
responds in the afternoon so they are going to be like
this with crossing accusations Well because
of issues that in the end she, as Asraf,
is not a loved or appreciated uncle by
Raquel boyo's children and since Raquel
boyo does not agree with what isapi says
about her experiences Well, in the end there
is a clash there and  Also now Raquel
Boyo is positioning herself with Isabel Pantoja
and EAP has no relationship with her mother
because they don't get married. Before they were fond of each other
but now no, no, they don't get married. So
Raquel Boyo is not stupid, she has to
stay on television. And I ask you the
same question I asked you the other day
with Alejandra Rubio. Do you care
what Raquel Boyo thinks about Anita's Salto
in Survivors of 17 M or do you
care more about her conflict with Isa Pantoja?
Man. Of course, of course. Then no. Raquel
Boyo is not stupid, she has to take advantage of the
plot. And the truth is that it is based on the fact
that I am going to watch one of her
Raquel Boy's lights again because it
reminds me of the old days when
people had an entity and a, I don't know,
anyway. But anyway.
[Music]